I have a rectangle whose face I want to measure.
I want to know what place on my screen it occupies.
I advise you to stop this video for a while and try to identify yourself personally.
Anyway, think about the two ways that this task can be solved.
The first way is to multiply the length of the entire rectangle by its width.
This will give you the face of the big rectangle.
The other way is to find the face of the purple rectangle first
and then find the face of the blue rectangle,
and finally to think that by gathering the face of one with the face of the other rectangle,
you will actually get the face of the big rectangle.
Stop the video for a bit and try to solve in both ways.
Let's do it together.
Let's first see what the size of the large rectangle is.
Its width is 9. We have to multiply it along the length.
Let's see how long it is.
The length will be found by adding 8 plus 12.
So all this will be 8 plus 12.
That is, 9 multiplied by 8 plus 12.
This is one way we can find the face of the big rectangle.
By multiplying the width along the length.
9 at 20.
The other way to solve the problem,
as we should get exactly the same result,
is to divide this rectangle into two smaller ones.
Let `s try.
And let's see if we get the same result.
How much is the face of the purple rectangle?
We will find it by multiplying it
the length that is 9, the width that is 8. 9 at 8.
Now let's see the face of the blue rectangle.
Again, multiply the width by the width:
The width is 9 again.
How long is our length here?
We have a length of 12.
And how do we find the common face?
We want to gather these two faces - the purple and the blue rectangles,
we just have to collect them.
We collect these two things here.
And of course, by gathering them,
we get the face of this entire rectangle.
These two things should be equal.
Because they calculate the same person.
The good thing about what we did was,
that we showed the distribution property
with respect to these numbers.
But we can try it with any other numbers.
And again we will get a true result because the distribution property applies to all numbers.
Look: we multiplied 9 by the sum of the numbers 8 and 12,
which is as if we have multiplied by 9 by 8 and gathered 9 by 12.
In this case, we distribute 9.
9 at 8 plus 9 at 12.
Time to calculate.
To get the final solution to the task.
We multiply the width along the width.
9 at 8 plus 12.
It's like we've multiplied by 9 by 20, which makes 180.
To calculate the face of the purple rectangle,
which will be equal to 9 by 8,
we will get 72.
This is for the purple rectangle.
The face of the blue rectangle: 9 by 12.
That's 108.
We will take the sum of the two
and he will give us the common face of the big rectangle.
How much is 72 plus 108?
72 + 108 also makes 180.
We really confirmed that these two are equal.
We calculated and made sure they were equal.
And this is perfectly logical, as they express the same thing - the face of the big rectangle.